Don't take revenge. Just disappear and do better
Separate yourself to elevate yourself
Who conquers himself; conquers all
If the wind fails you, use the oars
Don't be afraid of being out numbered, a lion hunts alone while sheep herd together
Stack your money but act broke; have more than you show; speak less than you know; don't take handouts. You'll soon see who's willing to help and who's not
It didn’t happen to you; it happened for you
A man worth fearing is one who learned to sharpen his blade alone
No amount of regret can change the past, no amount of anxiety can help the future
The devil was once an angel
I don't have dreams; I have goals, and its on to the next
I will remain unvanquished
Fear is a weakness. Fear is a weapon. Use it, don't let it use you
No one provokes me with impurity
Don't express your feelings, they will be used against you
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done
A vision without execution is a hallucination
Have more than you show; speak less than you know
In all of the years I've chased money, I can count on one hand how many times I've almost had it. And each time I forgot the two most important things I already knew; close doesn't count; and money is never more dangerous than when you almost have it
I strive towards higher things
If someone gives you their ghost, respect the dead and move on, but don't let them find you in the same place
You should be the monster. you should be ruthlessly ambition and learn to control it
The fire within me burns hotter than the fire around me
Good, better, bets. Never rest. Until your good is better, and your better is best
When life knows you down, get back up and say they hit like a bitch
Make peace with your past so it doesn't disrupt your present
Train like you will live forever. Preform like you will die tomorrow
A man that lacks purpose distracts himself with pleasure
Last year I would've died for some people, but now they're dead to me
A motivated man is strong; a disciplined man is stronger
I don't change; I evolve
I'd ratter suffer in pain of grinding that suffer the pain of regret
When you invest in something, hustle for something and work for something; you have a different type of attachment for that thing. There’s gonna be a cold day in hell before anybody takes that away from you
I work hard because I can’t fuck up; I am the backup; I don’t have anybody to rely on
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness. The devil inside me is asleep, not dead
Pain is temporary
When your life gets harder, you just leveled up
Make sure you're perfect before you call out my imperfections
Never become dependent on someone because they will have control over you
Most people will panic to find a charger before their phone dies, but won't panic to make a plan before their dream dies
Remember that you must die
Weak minds see a problem; balanced minds see a challenge; strong see an opportunity
If you play small. You stay small
Real eyes realize real lies
I started alone; I've suffered alone; I've built alone. I am not dependant on anybody buy myself. The people in my life are there because I want them there
Success isn't a one time stay. Success will follow as long as you put in the effort
I'd rather be at war with the world and at peace with myself, than at peace with the world and at war with myself
Simple minded people think wealth is of monetary status when it of an abundance of valuables, knowledge
Someone, somewhere, is holding their breath, waiting to see you fail. Let them suffocate
If you do what is easy, your life will be hard; but if you do what is hard, your life will be easy
When you alter your mentality, you alter your reality
What if the difference between a villain and a hear isn't good and evil; what if it's who's telling the story
You're not gong to get what you want waiting for it. Get up and take what you want. Don't let anyone or anything get in your way
If you wish to be the king of the jungle, it't not enough to just act like a king; you must be the king, there can be no doubt. Doubt causes chaos and ones own demise
Nothing is impossible to those willing
You've lived without them before. You can live without them now
Talent can get you far; hard work can take you anywhere
The monster was never under my bed; it was always within my head
Life becomes a lot more peaceful when you focus on yourself. Ignore all of the drama and toxicity
A man cannot remake himself without suffering; for he is the marble and the sculptor
Don't sit at a table with people that would let you starve
Some people believe that things need prayer. I believe that they just need discipline.
Life is filled with monsters. The best way to deal with them is to become more of one
Budget your life, not just your money
The pain will leave once it's done teaching you
Ships don't sink because of the water around then. They sink because of the water in them
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.
Getting your feelings hurt is a wake up call. You're being told stop focusing on other things and focus on yourself
Let them hate, let them laugh, let then no believe. But don't let them discourage you
Call me crazy but I believe that I can have everything that I want. Crazy makes change. Crazy gets shit done
Either I'm going to get right; or die in the process. If I die, I died doing what I wanted. When I get rich don't be surprised
When you stop taking things personally and looking at them objectively, you will have reached a dangerous level of mental purity
No one watches you more than the people that want to see you fail. Make sure you give them a good show
The true hell is when the person you are meets the person you could’ve been
Towards better things
The goal isn't about the money The goal is the freedom that I will achieve. Money is just a beneficial side effect
You have to destroy who you are to become the person you want to be
I become unaccessible to those who abused the access
The most dangerous of people, are the ones who listen, think, observe, then make a decision
Death over dishonor
Loving myself only taught me being average was ok; hating myself taught me I need to be better
Money was never the goal; freedom is; freedom from a 9-5; freedom from paycheck to paycheck
Winners focus on winning; losers focus on winners
Fortune favors the bold
We fall so we can learn to pick ourselves back up
A lesson can cost a thousand, but could pay a million
If you don't taste the bad apples; you will never understand to enjoy the good ones
Mindset is what separates the best from the rest
A fool fights against demons. A warrior fights with them
Don't count days, make them count
When you are grinding, you are not to be socializing, sympathizing, improvising, or criticizing. You are grinding to get better. Do it.
Motivation is good; Discipline is better; Obsession is best
A wolf is not afraid of a barking dog
A man who is silent when confronted is a man with no competition
Falling down is an accident. Staying down is a choice
I can take a joke, but I will not put up with disrespect
What are you willing to sacrifice in order to gain what you need to prosper
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean that I didn't notice
When one masters his emotions; he masters the world
I might die tomorrow. So I’m supposed to save myself? For what? I want to die know that I gave it my all.
To be the greatest, you have to be able to handel the worst
I will fear no evil
I fear no monster that I see, because this whole time the monster has been me
Discipline is doing something you hate but doing it like you love it
If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall raise Hell
Fight for what you want
I am bound by nothing but my goals
You can't beat me. I am willing to do anything to win, and if I don't; I am prepared to die
Be patient and tough, someday this pain will be useful to you
Your future needs you more than your past
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional
"Why take life so seriously, no one makes it out alive" - joker
Pain makes you weaker; pain makes me stronger. We are not the same
I am here to win; not to be liked
When the world turns it's back on you, you turn your back on the world. If it wanted to see you succeed it wouldn't look away.
I will only stop if I die, or I am done
The mind moves the mass
Move in silence. Speak only to say checkmate
Bees don't waste their time explaining to flies that honey is better than shit
Son, once you start there's no going back. This means total commitment. Once you begin the path; there is no leaving the path. Are you sure you're ready for that?
You want it; earn it
Love me, hate me. I don't notice and could care less
You’re more talented than me? I will out work you
A coward’s mother does to weep
Real is rare; Fake is everywhere
Being along is dangerous; addicting. Isolation with a goal plants the seed of obsession
The world is against me; otherwise it wouldn’t be fair
Obsession > talent
The man that enjoys the journey will walk further than the man that enjoys the destination
How big would you dream; if you knew you could not fail
I will win. There is no other option
Don't tell people more than they need to know
The person afraid of dying never learns how to live; The heart afraid of breaking never learns to love; the mind afraid of the unknown never learns how to grow; the dream afraid of waking never learns how to take the chance
The black sheep of the herd usually turns out to be the goat
In the absence of light, darkness prevails
Win in silence. a lion doesn't roar after it's killed the prey
Don't kick me while I'm down because I always get back up
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon and rovers on mars
A man that remains unfazed by disrespect is a man that should not be fucked with
The absence of your presence reveals the disingenuous
It isn't over when you loose. It is only over when you are done
A river cuts through rock, not by power, but by consistency
People fear death when they should fear a life not worth living
It is what it is; fuck what it was
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you
No matter the cost; no matter the sacrifice. I will be the strongest member of my blood line. There is no obstacle high enough; no challenge too tough
There is no I in team... But there is an M and a E in that motherfucker
Every man will die; not every man will live
When you start grinding, working towards your potential, and you start achieving small goals, it becomes addicting and you won't stop
I don't care if it's lonely at the top, it was lonely at the bottom. The only place its not is in mediacy and I sure as hell won't stay there
Hustle like you have no friends and grind like nobody has your back
If you wish to be the best, you can't copy the best. All you will become is second best
You're either on my side or in my way
Don't be afraid of being out numbered, there is a reason why they sent 10 men to oppose 1
I don't need to believe in a god. I pave my own path; I define my own destiny
I will either find a way or make a way
Trust, loyalty, respect. You fuck with one and loose all three
