If you wish to be the king of the jungle, it't not enough to just act like a king; you must be the king, there can be no doubt. Doubt causes chaos and ones own demise
Win in silence. a lion doesn't roar after it's killed the prey
Pain is temporary
You're not gong to get what you want waiting for it. Get up and take what you want. Don't let anyone or anything get in your way
No one watches you more than the people that want to see you fail. Make sure you give them a good show
You can't beat me. I am willing to do anything to win, and if I don't; I am prepared to die
When the world turns it's back on you, you turn your back on the world. If it wanted to see you succeed it wouldn't look away.
If you wish to be the best, you can't copy the best. All you will become is second best
Ships don't sink because of the water around then. They sink because of the water in them
Don't sit at a table with people that would let you starve
Last year I would've died for some people, but now they're dead to me
I'd rather be at war with the world and at peace with myself, than at peace with the world and at war with myself
Don't be afraid of being out numbered, there is a reason why they sent 10 men to oppose 1
You've lived without them before. You can live without them now
There is no I in team... But there is an M and a E in that motherfucker
I don't have dreams; I have goals, and its on to the next
Don't be afraid of being out numbered, a lion hunts alone while sheep herd together
Trust, loyalty, respect. You fuck with one and loose all three
Let them hate, let them laugh, let then no believe. But don't let them discourage you
Someone, somewhere, is holding their breath, waiting to see you fail. Let them suffocate
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness. The devil inside me is asleep, not dead
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done
You're either on my side or in my way
I can take a joke, but I will not put up with disrespect
The most dangerous of people, are the ones who listen, think, observe, then make a decision
When you start grinding, working towards your potential, and you start achieving small goals, it becomes addicting and you won't stop
Getting your feelings hurt is a wake up call. You're being told stop focusing on other things and focus on yourself
Some people believe that things need prayer. I believe that they just need discipline.
Life becomes a lot more peaceful when you focus on yourself. Ignore all of the drama and toxicity
It isn't over when you loose. It is only over when you are done
Don't take revenge. Just disappear and do better
I become unaccessible to those who abused the access
Stack your money but act broke; have more than you show; speak less than you know; don't take handouts. You'll soon see who's willing to help and who's not
Bees don't waste their time explaining to flies that honey is better than shit
The goal isn't about the money The goal is the freedom that I will achieve. Money is just a beneficial side effect
I don't care if it's lonely at the top, it was lonely at the bottom. The only place its not is in mediacy and I sure as hell won't stay there
I don't change; I evolve
The fire within me burns hotter than the fire around me
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean that I didn't notice
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon and rovers on mars
Love me, hate me. I don't notice and could care less
When life knows you down, get back up and say they hit like a bitch
"Why take life so seriously, no one makes it out alive" - joker
Make sure you're perfect before you call out my imperfections
Move in silence. Speak only to say checkmate
A motivated man is strong; a disciplined man is stronger
A man worth fearing is one who learned to sharpen his blade alone
Don't kick me while I'm down because I always get back up
Don't tell people more than they need to know
Have more than you show; speak less than you know
It is what it is; fuck what it was
The pain will leave once it's done teaching you
You have to destroy who you are to become the person you want to be
Most people will panic to find a charger before their phone dies, but won't panic to make a plan before their dream dies
The monster was never under my bed; it was always within my head
I fear no monster that I see, because this whole time the monster has been me
Who conquers himself; conquers all
Pain makes you weaker; pain makes me stronger. We are not the same
Loving myself only taught me being average was ok; hating myself taught me I need to be better
Real is rare; Fake is everywhere
When one masters his emotions; he masters the world
I am here to win; not to be liked
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.
If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall raise Hell
Fortune favors the bold
I will either find a way or make a way
I will remain unvanquished
I will fear no evil
Towards better things
In the absence of light, darkness prevails
Death over dishonor
A wolf is not afraid of a barking dog
Falling down is an accident. Staying down is a choice
Discipline is doing something you hate but doing it like you love it
Good, better, bets. Never rest. Until your good is better, and your better is best
To be the greatest, you have to be able to handel the worst
No amount of regret can change the past, no amount of anxiety can help the future
A vision without execution is a hallucination
Never become dependent on someone because they will have control over you
You should be the monster. you should be ruthlessly ambition and learn to control it
A river cuts through rock, not by power, but by consistency
Winners focus on winning; losers focus on winners
If someone gives you their ghost, respect the dead and move on, but don't let them find you in the same place
Don't count days, make them count
A man that remains unfazed by disrespect is a man that should not be fucked with
Don't express your feelings, they will be used against you
Separate yourself to elevate yourself
We fall so we can learn to pick ourselves back up
Every man will die; not every man will live
The man that enjoys the journey will walk further than the man that enjoys the destination
When you are grinding, you are not to be socializing, sympathizing, improvising, or criticizing. You are grinding to get better. Do it.
Son, once you start there's no going back. This means total commitment. Once you begin the path; there is no leaving the path. Are you sure you're ready for that?
A fool fights against demons. A warrior fights with them
I will only stop if I die, or I am done
The devil was once an angel
Fear is a weakness. Fear is a weapon. Use it, don't let it use you
Train like you will live forever. Preform like you will die tomorrow
When you stop taking things personally and looking at them objectively, you will have reached a dangerous level of mental purity
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you
Hustle like you have no friends and grind like nobody has your back
Budget your life, not just your money
Money was never the goal; freedom is; freedom from a 9-5; freedom from paycheck to paycheck
Your future needs you more than your past
What if the difference between a villain and a hear isn't good and evil; what if it's who's telling the story
I am bound by nothing but my goals
Obsession > talent
Real eyes realize real lies
Success isn't a one time stay. Success will follow as long as you put in the effort
The person afraid of dying never learns how to live; The heart afraid of breaking never learns to love; the mind afraid of the unknown never learns how to grow; the dream afraid of waking never learns how to take the chance
I'd ratter suffer in pain of grinding that suffer the pain of regret
Motivation is good; Discipline is better; Obsession is best
If you don't taste the bad apples; you will never understand to enjoy the good ones
Being along is dangerous; addicting. Isolation with a goal plants the seed of obsession
Weak minds see a problem; balanced minds see a challenge; strong see an opportunity
A lesson can cost a thousand, but could pay a million
Call me crazy but I believe that I can have everything that I want. Crazy makes change. Crazy gets shit done
If you play small. You stay small
Life is filled with monsters. The best way to deal with them is to become more of one
A man that lacks purpose distracts himself with pleasure
In all of the years I've chased money, I can count on one hand how many times I've almost had it. And each time I forgot the two most important things I already knew; close doesn't count; and money is never more dangerous than when you almost have it
The absence of your presence reveals the disingenuous 
People fear death when they should fear a life not worth living
When you alter your mentality, you alter your reality
Simple minded people think wealth is of monetary status when it of an abundance of valuables, knowledge
When your life gets harder, you just leveled up
I started alone; I've suffered alone; I've built alone. I am not dependant on anybody buy myself. The people in my life are there because I want them there
No matter the cost; no matter the sacrifice. I will be the strongest member of my blood line. There is no obstacle high enough; no challenge too tough
Make peace with your past so it doesn't disrupt your present
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional
A man cannot remake himself without suffering; for he is the marble and the sculptor
I will win. There is no other option
When you invest in something, hustle for something and work for something; you have a different type of attachment for that thing. There’s gonna be a cold day in hell before anybody takes that away from you
Either I'm going to get right; or die in the process. If I die, I died doing what I wanted. When I get rich don't be surprised
The black sheep of the herd usually turns out to be the goat
A man who is silent when confronted is a man with no competition
I don't need to believe in a god. I pave my own path; I define my own destiny
Fight for what you want
You want it; earn it
I might die tomorrow. So I’m supposed to save myself? For what? I want to die know that I gave it my all. 
The world is against me; otherwise it wouldn’t be fair
How big would you dream; if you knew you could not fail
You’re more talented than me? I will out work you
I work hard because I can’t fuck up; I am the backup; I don’t have anybody to rely on
The true hell is when the person you are meets the person you could’ve been
It didn’t happen to you; it happened for you
Nothing is impossible to those willing
The mind moves the mass
Be patient and tough, someday this pain will be useful to you
If the wind fails you, use the oars
A coward’s mother does to weep
I strive towards higher things
Remember that you must die
No one provokes me with impurity
Mindset is what separates the best from the rest
Talent can get you far; hard work can take you anywhere
If you do what is easy, your life will be hard; but if you do what is hard, your life will be easy
What are you willing to sacrifice in order to gain what you need to prosper