If you wish to be the king of the jungle, its not enough to act like a king; you must be the king, there can be no doubt, cause doubt causes chaos and ones own demise
Win in silence. A lion doesn’t road after it’s killed it’s prey
Pain is temporary 
You're not gonna get what you want waiting for things to change. Get up, take what you want, and don't let anyone or anything get in your way.
No one watches you more than the people that wanna see you fail. So make sure to give them a show
You can’t beat me. I’m prepared to die and prepared to kill
When the world turns its back on you, turn your back on the world. It never wanted to see you succeed anyways
If you wish to be the best, don’t act like the person that is the best. Show what it is like to be the actual best cause otherwise you are just acting like your the second best
Ships don’t sink cause of the water around them. They sink cause of the water in them
Do’t try to sit at a table with people who would let you starve
Last year I would’ve died for some people, now they’re dead to me”
I’d rather be at war with the world and be at peace with myself than at peace with the world and at war with myself. That being said, I’m pretty fuckin happy with myself rn
You lived without them before. You can live without them after
Not friends, not enemies, just strangers with memories
There ain’t no I in team… but there is an M and E in that motherfucker
I don’t got dreams, I got goals; now it’s onto the next
Don’t be afraid of being out numbered. A lion walks alone while she herd together 
Don’t be afraid of being out numbered. There is a reason why the sent 10 to deal with 1
I walk alone cause I walk with the people I trust 
I give everyone my respect until they show me why they don’t deserve it; then they see how cold hearted I can really be 
Trust, loyalty, respect. You fuck with one you loose all three
I like being low key. You’ll see me when I want to be seen
Let them hate, let them laugh, let them not believe. But don’t let them stop you
There’s someone out there holding their breath, waiting to see you fail. So make that mf suffocate 
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness. The devil inside of me is asleep; not dead
Don’t stop when your tired. Stop when your done
Sometimes the world doesn’t need a hero; sometimes it needs a monster
Your either on my side or in my way
I can take a joke but won’t put u with the disrespect
The most dangerous person is the one who listens, thinks and observes
Once you start becoming your potential it gets addictive
Sometimes you need your feelings hurt so you can wake the fuck up and focus on yourself
Life becomes a lot more peaceful when you focus on yourself and ignore the outside noises and drama
Some things don’t need prayer, they need discipline
Its not over when you loose, its over when your done
When taking revenge, don’t do what they did to you. Just disappear and do better
I beomce unaccessible to those who abused the access
Stack your money but act broke. Have more than you show and speak less than you know. Don’t ask for hand outs. Thats when you know who’s willing to help you and who’s not
Bees don’t waste their time explaining to flies that honey is better than shit
The goal was never about the money; The goal was to spend my days doing as I wish
I don’t care if it’s lonely at the top. It was lonely at the bottom as well. The only place it isn’t is the place where you don’t stand out
They say I’ve changed. I say I’ve evolved
The fire in me burns brighter than the one around me
Just cause I don’t react, doesn’t mean I don’t notice
I like that little pending icon. It reminds me Imma pending millionaire 
You think that pending arrow hurts me? Nah, its just a reminder that you were fake and that I’m a pending millionaire 
Don’t tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon
Love me, hate me. I don’t give a fuck
When life knocks you down, get back up and tell life they hit like a bitch
Why take life seriously, no one makes it out alive - joker
Make sure your perfect before you start calling my imperfections out
Move in silence and only speak to day checkmate
A motivated man is strong; but a disciplined man of unstoppable
Fear the man to learned to sharpen his blade alone 
Don’t kick me while I’m down till you know I won’t get back up
Stop telling people more than they need to know
Have more than what you show; speak less than you know
It is what it is; fuck what it was
The pain will leave once it’s done teaching you
You have to destroy who you are to become the person you want to be
Throw me to the wolves and I’ll either come back the leader of the pack; or come back with a new fur jacket 
Most people will panic to find a charger before their phone dies but won’t panic to make a plan before their dream dies
The monsters were never under my bed; the monsters have always been inside my head. I fear no monster for no monsters I see. Because all this time the monster has been me. 
He who conquers himself conquers all
Your pain made you weaker. My pain made me stronger. We are not the same
Loving myself only taught me that I was good enoug but hating myself taught me that I need to be better
Real is rare and fake is everywhere
When one masters his emotions he masters the world
I’m here to win not he liked
Yesterday is history and tomorrow is a mystery and today is a gift, that’s why its called the present
If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall move/raise hell
Fortune favors the bold
I will either find a way or make one
I remain unvanquished
I will fear no evil
Toward better things
In the absence of light, darkness prevails
Death rather than dishonor
A wolf is not afraid of a barking dog
Falling down is an accident staying down is on purpose 
Discipline is doing something you hate doing but doing it like you love it
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til you good is better. And your your better is best. 
To be the best you have to handle the worst
No amount of guilt or regret can change the past. And no amount of anxiety can change the future
A vision without execution is a hallucination 
Never depend on someone because of you do they control you
You should be the monster. You should be ruthlessly ambitious and learn to control it
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but because of its persistence 
Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners
When someone ghosts you. Respect the dead and move on. Never let them find you in the same place
Don’t count the days. Make them count
A man that stays quiet after being disrespected is not a man to be fucked with
Don’t ever express your feeling cause they’ll be used against you
Separate yourself to elevate yourself
We fall so we can learn to pick ourselfs up
Every man dies; not every man lives
The man that loves walking will walk further than the man that loves the destination; The man that loves the hard work will work harder and longer than the man that loves the outcome
When you’re working work. You’re not there to socialize, sympathize, improvise of criticize. You’re there to do what you’ve been told to do. Do it.
Son, once you start there’s no going back; This means total commitment. Once you begin the path, there is no leaving the path. Are you sure you’re ready for that?
A fool fights against demons; a warrior fights with them
I will stop when I’m done
The devil was once an angel
Fear is a weakness; Fear is a weapon; Use it don’t let it use you
Train like you will live forever. Preform like you die tomorrow
When you stop taking things personally and start looking at them with logic; you have reached a dangerous level of freedom
Once you’ve accepted your flaws no one can use them against you
Hustle like you have no friends and grind like nobody has your back
Budget your life, not money
Money was never the goal; freedom is. Freedom from the 9-5; freedom from paycheck to paycheck
Your future needs you more than your past
What if the difference between the villain and the hero isn’t good and evil; what if its just the side that’s telling the story
I am bound by nothing by myself
Obsession > Talent
Real eyes realize real lies
Success isn’t a one time stay. Success will follow as long as you put the effort in
The person afraid of dying never learns how to live; the heart afraid of breaking never learns to love; the mind afraid of the unknown never learns to grow; the dream afraid of waking never learns to take the chance
I’d rather suffer the pain than suffer the pain of regret
Motivation is good; obsession is better
If you don’t taste the bad apples; you will never truly enjoy the good ones
Being alone is dangers; addicting. Isolations with motivation create obsession
Weak minds see a problem; balanced minds see a challenge; strong minds see an opportunity
A lesson can cost a million; knowledge can earn a billion
Pain is a better teacher than pleasure. Pleasure fades while pain is consistent
Call me cray but but I believe I can have everything I want. Crazy makes change. Doubt makes mistakes. 
If you play small. You stay small
Life is full of monsters, the only way to beat them; is to become one yourself.
A man that lacks purpose distracts himself with pleasure
In all of the years I've chased money, I can count on one hand how many times I've almost had it. And each time I forgot the two most important things I already knew; close doesn't count; and money is never more dangerous than when you almost have it
The absence of your presents reveals those who were disingenuous friends
People fear death when they should fear a life not worth living
Simple minded people think wealth and riches is only of monetary value when in reality I want to be rich in money, knowledge, adventure, health, friendships, and love
When your life gets harder that means you just leveled up
I started alone; I’ve suffered alone; and I’ve built alone. I am not dependent on anybody. The people that are in my life are there because I value them and trust them
No matter the cost. No matter the sacrifice. I will be the strongest member of my bloodline. There is no obstacle high enough. No challenge too tough that will get in my way.  It is inevitable. There is no stopping it
Make peace with your past so it doesn’t disrupt your present 
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional
A man cannot remake himself without suffering; for he is the marble and the sculptor 
I will win. There is no other choice
When you invest in something, hustle for something and work for something; you have a different type of attachment for that thing. There’s gonna be a cold day in hell before anybody takes that away from you
Either I’m going to get rich; or I’m going to do in the process. If I die; I’ll die what I love doing. If I get rich; me and all of the people close to me in my life will live lives if luxury
The black sheep of the herd usually turns out to be the goat
It’s fuckin Monday; whatever happened last week, happened last week. It is this week and this week I am gonna fuckin make it my bitch
A man who is silent when confronted is a man that has no competition 
I don’t need to believe in a god. I pave my own path; I will define my own destiny
Fight for it
If you want it; earn it
I might die tomorrow. So I’m supposed to save myself? For what? I want to die know that I gave it my all. 
The world is against me; otherwise it wouldn’t be fair
How big would you dream; if you knew you could not fail
You’re more talented than me? I will out work you
I work hard because I can’t fuck up; I am the backup; I don’t have anybody to rely on
The true hell is when the person you are meets the person you could’ve been
It didn’t happen to you; it happened for you
Nothing is impossible to those willing
The mind moves the mass
Be patient and tough, someday this pain will be useful to you
If the wind fails you, use the oars
He conquers who endures
If you want peace, prepare for war
A coward’s mother does to weep
I strive towards higher things
Remember that you must die
No one provokes me with impurity
Mindset is what separates the best from the rest
Talent can get you far; hard work can take you anywhere
If you do what is easy, your life will be hard; but if you do what is hard, your life will be easy
What are you willing to sacrifice in order to gain what you need to prosper