If you wish to be the king of the jungle, its not enough to act like a king; you must be the king, there can be no doubt, cause doubt causes chaos and ones own demise
Left hand fast and the right hand sturdy
Win in silence. A lion doesn’t road after it’s killed it’s prey
Pain is temporary 
You're not gonna get what you want waiting for things to change. Get up, take what you want, and don't let anyone or anything get in your way.
No one watches you more than the people that wanna see you fail. So make sure to give them a show
You can’t beat me. I’m prepared to die and prepared to kill
Friendly reminder to drink your water… abs stop giving a fuck bout what people think about you
When the world turns its back on you, turn your back on the world. It never wanted to see you succeed anyways
Live Fast, Die Last
No Lights, No Mercy
If you wish to be the best, don’t act like the person that is the best. Show what it is like to be the actual best cause otherwise you are just acting like your the second best
Why bother trying to compete with me. No one can do me better than me
The people that say “It is what it is” are the most dangerous people ever. They are the people that have been broken so much in their past that nothing will hurt them anymore. If you are thinking of leaving someone that says “It is what it is” they will open the door for you no matter how long you’ve been in their life and won’t give a second thought when slamming it shut behind you. That being said, It is what it isss
Ships don’t sink cause of the water around them. They sink cause of the water in them
Life’s a game with snakes on every level
Do’t try to sit at a table with people who would let you starve
Last year I would’ve died for some people, now they’re dead to me”
I used to walk into rooms wondering if people liked me. Now I walk into rooms knowing everyone likes me. And if they don’t. Well they are one dumb mf
Down to earth but still above you
Might as well like if you be lurkin
I’d rather be at war with the world and be at peace with myself than at peace with the world and at war with myself. That being said, I’m pretty fuckin happy with myself rn
Making everyone happy is impossible and draining. But pissing everyone off is fun and easy
You lived without them before. You can live without them after
Not friends, not enemies, just strangers with memories
There ain’t no I in team… but there is an M and E in that motherfucker
“Me chase girls”? Nah. You got that wrong. Read it backwards 
I don’t got dreams, I got goals; now it’s onto the next
Don’t be afraid of being out numbered. A lion walks alone while she herd together 
Don’t be afraid of being out numbered. There is a reason why the sent 10 to deal with 1
I walk alone cause I walk with the people I trust 
I give everyone my respect until they show me why they don’t deserve it; then they see how cold hearted I can really be 
Trust, loyalty, respect. You fuck with one you loose all three
I like being low key. You’ll see me when I want to be seen
Don’t disrespect me or you’ll see a side of me that hasn’t ever been seen before and that’s all you’ll ever see again
Let them hate, let them laugh, let them not believe. But don’t let them stop you
Win in silence so they think you loosing
There’s someone out there holding their breath, waiting to see you fail. So make that mf suffocate 
My back ain’t no voice mail. Say that shit to my face
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness. The devil inside of me is asleep; not dead
Don’t stop when your tired. Stop when your done
Sometimes the world doesn’t need a hero; sometimes it needs a monster
The most dangerous anger is when its been building inside someone for so long and they never let it out. Cause when they do let it it out; they are letting all of it out at once and not holding back
The most dangerous anger is build inside someone with a. Good heart. Cause once they let it out, their heart isn’t good anymore
You think you can hurt my feelings? Bruh, I’m an over thinker. I hurt my own feelings not even trying
Your either on my side or in my way
You got my back I got your back; You swing I swing; You need a cover story I was with you
I can take a joke but won’t put u with the disrespect
Sweet like sugar, cold like ice. Hurt me once and I’ll kill you twice
I’ll boss up overnight. Fuck a week, fuck a month, fuck a year. You’ll never find me when you left me. I take shit personal and I fuckin do somethin about it.
The most dangerous person is the one who listens, thinks and observes
Once you start becoming your potential it gets addictive
Sometimes you need your feelings hurt so you can wake the fuck up and focus on yourself
I don’t lower our standards. You either level the fuck up or get the fuck outta my way
Gotta stay on the grind. The DB11 won’t save up for itself
Life becomes a lot more peaceful when you focus on yourself and ignore the outside noises and drama
Some things don’t need prayer, they need discipline
Its not over when you loose, its over when your done
When taking revenge, don’t do what they did to you. Just disappear and do better
I beomce unaccessible to those who abused the access
Small talk doesn’t grab my attention. Ain’t nothing real in there
Don’t get mad when you get rejected. Its their loss because cause they don’t know what they’re missing and your win cause your not wasting your time and playing you
Trust no one. Your own shadow will leave you in the dark
Stack your money but act broke. Have more than you show and speak less than you know. Don’t ask for hand outs. Thats when you know who’s willing to help you and who’s not
The next chapter in my life is goin to make some people wish that they treated me better
Imma work hard enough that everyone’s biggest flex is that they used to know me
Bees don’t waste their time explaining to flies that honey is better than shit
You’ll miss me when you see I can’t be replaced
Don’t post your achievements. Post your fuck ups so they’ll think your a fuck up, but then surprise them. They hate to see your progress
Don’t tell people what your gonna do; do it and shock them; stay silent and move onto your next project
Life ain’t fair. Life shits on you, kicks you to the ground, and will kick you in the mouth with no remorse. Don’t be the victim, some will be a survivor. But I use that pain as fuel and ain’t nothing putting that fire out
The time people kiss your ass the most is the same time they want something
The goal was never about the money; The goal was to spend my days doing as I wish
I don’t care if it’s lonely at the top. It was lonely at the bottom as well. The only place it isn’t is the place where you don’t stand out
They say I’ve changed. I say I’ve evolved
The fire in me burns brighter than the one around me
Just cause I don’t react, doesn’t mean I don’t notice
I like that little pending icon. It reminds me Imma pending millionaire 
Don’t ever give me an ultimatum cause I’ll always chose the option that benefits me
You think that pending arrow hurts me? Nah, its just a reminder that you were fake and that I’m a pending millionaire 
Don’t tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon
If you talk behind my back and I don’t seem bothered, its cause I know your scared of me and to say that to my face
Love me, hate me. I don’t give a fuck
Don’t fuck with me unless you wanna see how cold I can be
When life knocks you down, get back up and tell life they hit like a bitch
Touch me and I’ll fight you, touch her and you’ll wish you were dead
Why take life seriously, no one makes it out alive - joker
Don’t light a fire if you can’t handle the heat
Make sure your perfect before you start calling my imperfections out
You can block me on insta but not the Forbes list
I’m not heartless. I just use my heart for the things that actually matter
Surprise surprise motherfucker. The king is back
Move in silence and only speak to day checkmate
The devil caught me with my head down and got excited until I looked up at him and he saw the fire burning my eyes
A motivated man is strong; but a disciplined man of unstoppable
Fear the man to learned to sharpen his blade alone 
Judge me by my last and I’ll ruin your future
This is who I am. You either like it or fuck off. I couldn’t care less
I’d rather be feared than loved
Don’t kick me while I’m down till you know I won’t get back up
Stop telling people more than they need to know
Have more than what you show; speak less than you know
Be like glass. If they break you cut them
It is what it is; fuck what it was
I may bend but I am unbreakable
One day imma just say fuck it and let all my demons out
You made me this way; now enjoy the show
The pain will leave once it’s done teaching you
You have to destroy who you are to become the person you want to be
Throw me to the wolves and I’ll either come back the leader of the pack; or come back with a new fur jacket 
The more successful you become. The more you become the “bad guy”
Bring lid makes you look strong; but being quiet makes you look deadly
Everyone ants to be a beast until it’s time to do what beasts do
Most people will panic to find a charger before their phone dies but won’t panic to make a plan before their dream dies
Don’t talk to me about loyalty. I’m still holding secrets from the people that threw dirt in my name
When the devil whisper in your ear “you can’t withstand the storm” I just replay with “I am the mother fucking storm”
Nothing is stronger than a broken man rebuilding himself
Living life in the fast lane cause I’m not taking a Prius to my dreams
The monsters were never under my bed; the monsters have always been inside my head. I fear no monster for no monsters I see. Because all this time the monster has been me. 
He who conquers himself conquers all
Your pain made you weaker. My pain made me stronger. We are not the same
May god have mercy in my enemies cause I sure as hell won’t
Loving myself only taught me that I was good enoug but hating myself taught me that I need to be better
Real is rare and fake is everywhere
I’ve talked shit my whole life and ain’t never met a mf that was brave enough to rock my shit
When life kid you while your down don’t say why me say try me
When one masters his emotions he masters the world
I’m here to win not he liked
Your know your doin somethin right when people are hatin
Don’t let the people who haven’t walked in your shoes tell you how to tie your laces
I don’t care if people talk behind my back. They are behind me for a reason
Play me and I’ll show you how the game is played; Don’t come back begging when you see that your loosing
Yesterday is history and tomorrow is a mystery and today is a gift, that’s why its called the present
I’ll fight for you not over you. Know the difference 
Through fire, nature is reborn whole
If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall move/raise hell
Let them hate so long as they fear
Fortune favors the bold
I will either find a way or make one
I remain unvanquished
I will fear no evil
Toward better things
In the absence of light, darkness prevails
Death rather than dishonor
We gladly feast on those who would subdue us
I will fear no evil for evil fears me. For evil uses the weak to bully the strong. But I am not strong nor weak; but I am disciplined and won't let anything stop me
I will fear no evil for evil fears me. For ignorance is the cause of fear and I am not ignorant to the evil. For those who wish great power must make deals with the devil, and the devil is sure as hell to make a deal with me with some of the prices that I’ve paid
Danger is sweet
A wolf is not afraid of a barking dog
Ah I think I am becoming a god
It’s a different mentality when I the car door shuts
You liked to play me until I decided to play the same game and realized I play that game a hell of a lot better
Falling down is an accident staying down is on purpose 
The toughest battles aren’t given to the toughest soldiers. The toughest soldiers are made through the toughest battles
Discipline is doing something you hate doing but doing it like you love it
I don’t blame people for talking behind my back cause they must’ve heard what happens when you talk shit to my face
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til you good is better. And your your better is best. 
To be the best you have to handle the worst
There’s not fear when your having fun
Be like the moon. Shine when everyone is asleep
Talk bring my back all you want. The reason why your talking about me and not you cause no one will listen when your taking about yourself
Fuck fake it till you make it. If you think your doing good when your doing shit you’ll always be shit, but if you think your doing shit you’ll working your fucking ass off and not realize that you’ve made it
An umbrella won’t stop the rain. It will just let you stand in it. The same way how confidence doesn’t bring you success but will let you stand up to any challenge 
People bring up your past when they are intimidated by your present 
I’d rather die fighting than live running. I fear no thing
Stop doubting and just do it. It either works out or it doesn’t 
No body is proud of you. They are just surprised that you keep makin shit happen
If I’m walk-in by myself then atleast I know I’m with someone I can trust. But if I’m walking with few. Im walking with people I respect and we are gonna fuck shit up. And if I’m leading thousands I’m walking with my empire
“I don’t like you” ouch. Need me to point you to the line of people waiting for me to give a fuck about?
No amount of guilt or regret can change the past. And no amount of anxiety can change the future
Sweet like sugar; Cold like ice; Hurt me one; I’ll break you twice
Your words hurt me just as bad as your bad breath does
I remember and recover not forgive and forget
It’s not revenge; it’s just returning the favor
The angels protect me, the demons respect me
Mirror mirror on the wall, I’ll always get up after a fall. And wether I run, walk or crawl. I’ll set my goals and achieve them all
A vision without execution is a hallucination 
Courage isn’t having the strength to go on. It’s going on when you don’t have the strength
People will hate you and break you. But how you stand is what makes you
Never kick me when I’m down cause when I get back I’m knocking you down a 6ft hole
Basic principles. Not matter what. No matter when. No matter who. Any man can sweep a woman off of her feet. Just need the right broom 
Never depend on someone because of you do they control you
Crush your enemy totally. Don’t leave one ember to smolder. Not matter how dim it might be because a fire eventually will break out
Mirror mirror on the wall. I will be the greatest of them all. I don’t care if I fall. And if I have to run walk or crawl. I set my goals and achieve them all
You should be the monster. You should be ruthlessly ambitious and learn to control it
I stoped waiting for the light at the end of the tunnel. I just let all of my rage out and that shit was bright as day
I understand that you don’t like me but you need to understand that I don’t care
I haven’t met a mf that got the balls to try to rock my shot up so I’ll keep on talkin my shit
Order from chaos
Death before defeat
I’m hot here to take part, I’m here to take over
The fear of death follows the fear of life. A man that lives fully is prepared to die at any time
I’m ready for anything
From the ashes we will rise
I will fear no evil
Mirror mirror on the wall. I’ll be the greatest of them all. I don’t care if I fall. Cause I’ll get back up and beat them all. I know there will be a wall. But I’ll punch right through and watch it fall
A harmless man is not a good man; a good man is a very very dangerous man that has it under voluntary control
Its not the “bad boys” or the careless guys you want to look out for; its the good guys that you need to be careful around, because they’ve put up with so much shit and they are on the verge of saying fuck it and making amends with the monsters inside of their head; and when they do that, they turn into the coldest hearted people you’ve ever see
Failed give you a choice. You either stay down or you get back up. Well I’m up and I’m fired up cause I’ve figured it out
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but because of its persistence 
If you want to buy things without looking at the price tag. You gotta be able to work without looking at the clock
Rest In Peace to my old self. That caring mf had to die
I’m the type of person that when I get up and my feet hit the floor. The devil says “we shit. They’re up”
Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners
I like staying quiet. You’ll never know if I’m dancing in a daydream or caring the weight of the world
No Risk; No Stories
When someone ghosts you. Respect the dead and move on. Never let them find you in the same place
A good man is not one who is harmless. A good man is one who is deadly but has the discipline to control ones own emotion.
Some men aren’t looking for anything logical like money. They can’t be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. Because the only thing they want to do is turn heads and watch the world burn
Let them hate as long as they fear
“You hurt a lot of people when you left” So? They hurt me and it didn’t bother them. They’ll get over it like I did
Don’t count the days. Make them count
Doubt me and I’ll make you doubt your self
“You’ve changed” No, I just set my priorities straight and you weren’t one of them
“Money doesn’t buy happiness; It buys crazy ass happiness” - Eminem 
“If you can’t fly, run; If you can run, walk; If you can’t walk, crawl; but don’t ever stop moving”
I wasn’t ready for half of the shit that I went through, but I’m clearly built for it if I survived it.
A man that stays quiet after being disrespected is not a man to be fucked with
Stay private and keep the guessing
I don’t see how you can hate from outside of the club. You can’t even get in
Don’t ever express your feeling cause they’ll be used against you
Rumors don’t hurt me. They only keep people wondering longer
When the rage takes over there’s no stopping me
Supply and demand is what made these bands
Separate yourself to elevate yourself
We fall so we can learn to pick ourselfs up
Life moves pretty fast; if you don’t stop and look around every once in a while, you could miss it
Every man dies; not every man lives
Everything is risky. The risk of being alive is death and that is a certainty. Id say that makes other “risks” less risky
The man that loves walking will walk further than the man that loves the destination; The man that loves the hard work will work harder and longer than the man that loves the outcome
Pain is temporary. The outcome is forever. Wether it be quitting or succeeding, that will follow you
When you make a deal with yourself, there is no negotiations after. You do what you set out to do and get it done
Commitment is like a loan. Once you finish the thing that you committed to you’ve paid that loan off in full and have a little extra. However, if you fail to fulfill the commitment you forfeit the loan. The more money in the bank the easier it is to get things done. But if you go broke it will be hard to go back
Nothing happens to anyone that he is not fitted by nature to bear
When you’re working work. You’re not there to socialize, sympathize, improvise of criticize. You’re there to do what you’ve been told to do. Do it.
Son, once you start there’s no going back; This means total commitment. Once you begin the path, there is no leaving the path. Are you sure you’re ready for that?
A fool fights against demons; a warrior fights with them
I will stop when I’m done
Don’t fear from how they look; Fear from how they act. Then contour that fear
Everything has an expiration date. Even that old shit and that old me shit
The devil was once an angel
Fear is a weakness; Fear is a weapon; Use it don’t let it use you
Train like you will live forever. Preform like you die tomorrow
When you stop taking things personally and start looking at them with logic; you have reached a dangerous level of freedom
Once you’ve accepted your flaws no one can use them against you
People will use your own flaws against you. Study them and understand them so when they try to use them against you, you’ll be the one in control
If someone has an issue with you and they’re telling everyone except you, they don’t have a real issue with you, they just enjoy the attention they get from talking about you
Hustle like you have no friends and grind like nobody has your back
Budget your life, not money
I don’t care that you don’t like me; You don’t even like yourself
Money was never the goal; freedom is. Freedom from the 9-5; freedom from paycheck to paycheck
Your future needs you more than your past
What if the difference between the villain and the hero isn’t good and evil; what if its just the side that’s telling the story
I am bound by nothing by myself
Obsession > Talent
Real eyes realize real lies
Success isn’t a one time stay. Success will follow as long as you put the effort in
The person afraid of dying never learns how to live; the heart afraid of breaking never learns to love; the mind afraid of the unknown never learns to grow; the dream afraid of waking never learns to take the chance
Ask for strength and you will be given difficulties. Ask for wisdom and you will be given problem. Ask for courage and you will be given dangers. You will simply not be handed what you ask. You will be gifted the opportunities to obtain your wishes. 
Never go to war with a man that goes to war with himself. The man that goes to war with himself is always at war. He finds peace within the chaos. Gains power through the struggle. And control over the demon inside. If you go to war with a man that goes to war with himself. Both sides of him will pause and work together to regain the prosperity. 
Crush their souls during the competition. Scare them. Make their faces go numb
Everything is an investment. People are an investment of time. Don’t spend time thinking about someone because that’s a bad investment that won’t pay off
I’d rather suffer the pain than suffer the pain of regret
Motivation is good; obsession is better
Don’t kill with kindness cause they don’t deserve it. Kill them with silence because they don't deserve attention. 
If you don’t taste the bad apples; you will never truly enjoy the good ones
Being alone is dangers; addicting. Isolations with motivation create obsession
A man who can control his mind is in control of him self is in control of the outcome
Weak minds see a problem; balanced minds see a challenge; strong minds see an opportunity
A lesson can cost a million; knowledge can earn a billion
Pain is a better teacher than pleasure. Pleasure fades while pain is consistent
Call me cray but but I believe I can have everything I want. Crazy makes change. Doubt makes mistakes. 
If you play small. You stay small
Life is full of monsters, the only way to beat them; is to become one yourself.
A man that lacks purpose distracts himself with pleasure
In all of the years I've chased money, I can count on one hand how many times I've almost had it. And each time I forgot the two most important things I already knew; close doesn't count; and money is never more dangerous than when you almost have it
The absence of your presents reveals those who were disingenuous friends
When you leave you see those who care an
Compare yourself to who you were yesterday and or what someone is today
Some one wise once said “life is like toilet paper; you’re either in a roll, or taking shot from some asshole” so here’s to being on a roll
People fear death when they should fear a life not worth living
Simple minded people think wealth and riches is only of monetary value when in reality I want to be rich in money, knowledge, adventure, health, friendships, and love
Look around and ask yourself, "How many people can do what I do?" and if the answer is very few, you're going to do good
When your life gets harder that means you just leveled up
I started alone; I’ve suffered alone; and I’ve built alone. I am not dependent on anybody. The people that are in my life are there because I value them and trust them
No matter the cost. No matter the sacrifice. I will be the strongest member of my bloodline. There is no obstacle high enough. No challenge too tough that will get in my way.  It is inevitable. There is no stopping it
Make peace with your past so it doesn’t disrupt your present 
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional
A man cannot remake himself without suffering; for he is the marble and the sculptor 
I will win. There is no other choice
When you invest in something, hustle for something and work for something; you have a different type of attachment for that thing. There’s gonna be a cold day in hell before anybody takes that away from you
Either I’m going to get rich; or I’m going to do in the process. If I die; I’ll die what I love doing. If I get rich; me and all of the people close to me in my life will live lives if luxury
The black sheep of the herd usually turns out to be the goat
It’s fuckin Monday; whatever happened last week, happened last week. It is this week and this week I am gonna fuckin make it my bitch
A man who is silent when confronted is a man that has no competition 
I don’t need to believe in a god. I pave my own path; I will define my own destiny
Fight for it
If you want it; earn it
I might die tomorrow. So I’m supposed to save myself? For what? I want to die know that I gave it my all. 
The world is against me; otherwise it wouldn’t be fair
How big would you dream; if you knew you could not fail
You’re more talented than me? I will out work you
I work hard because I can’t fuck up; I am the backup; I don’t have anybody to rely on
Behind every strong person is a story that gave them no choice 
The true hell is when the person you are meets the person you could’ve been
DISCIPLINE DEFEATS EXCUSES
It didn’t happen to you; it happened for you
Nothing is impossible to those willing
The mind moves the mass
Be patient and tough, someday this pain will be useful to you
If the wind fails you, use the oars
He conquers who endures
If you want peace, prepare for war
A coward’s mother does to weep
From the depths
I strive towards higher things
Remember that you must die
No one provokes me with impurity
Mindset is what separates the best from the rest
Talent can get you far; hard work can take you anywhere
If you do what is easy, your life will be hard; but if you do what is hard, your life will be easy
It annoys me when people say what their greatest fear is, because I have yet to hear a valid response. People say they fear death, death is a certainty so you need to accept the fact that one day you will die and there is no escaping that. People say they fear heights, are you falling? No? Then there is nothing to be scared of. People say they fear embarrassment, there is no escaping it, you will at some point embarrass yourself and you need to learn to not fear it, but deal with it and move on. There is only one thing that I can truly think of that is a valid fear. The fear of time. Time is a true fear because it is the only thing in your situation that you have no control over. The only thing you do have control over is what you do with it. Everyone has the same 84,400 seconds in a day but no two people spend each second the same.
Definition of a rat race. See who can get to the goal the first by any means nessicary. Synonyms: Life
What are you willing to sacrifice in order to gain what you need to prosper