I will remain unvanquished
I will fear no evil
Towards better things
In the absence of light, darkness prevails
Death over dishonor
A wolf is not afraid of a barking dog
Falling down is an accident. Staying down is a choice
Discipline is doing something you hate but doing it like you love it
Good, better, bets. Never rest. Until your good is better, and your better is best
To be the greatest, you have to be able to handel the worst
No amount of regret can change the past, no amount of anxiety can help the future
A vision without execution is a hallucination
Never become dependent on someone because they will have control over you
You should be the monster. you should be ruthlessly ambition and learn to control it
A river cuts through rock, not by power, but by consistency
Winners focus on winning; losers focus on winners
If someone gives you their ghost, respect the dead and move on, but don't let them find you in the same place
Don't count days, make them count
A man that remains unfazed by disrespect is a man that should not be fucked with
Don't express your feelings, they will be used against you
Separate yourself to elevate yourself
We fall so we can learn to pick ourselves back up
Every man will die; not every man will live
The man that enjoys the journey will walk further than the man that enjoys the destination
When you are grinding, you are not to be socializing, sympathizing, improvising, or criticizing. You are grinding to get better. Do it.
Son, once you start there's no going back. This means total commitment. Once you begin the path; there is no leaving the path. Are you sure you're ready for that?
A fool fights against demons. A warrior fights with them
I will only stop if I die, or I am done
The devil was once an angel
Fear is a weakness. Fear is a weapon. Use it, don't let it use you
Train like you will live forever. Preform like you will die tomorrow
When you stop taking things personally and looking at them objectively, you will have reached a dangerous level of mental purity
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you
Hustle like you have no friends and grind like nobody has your back
Budget your life, not just your money
Money was never the goal; freedom is; freedom from a 9-5; freedom from paycheck to paycheck
Your future needs you more than your past
What if the difference between a villain and a hear isn't good and evil; what if it's who's telling the story
I am bound by nothing but my goals
Obsession > talent
Real eyes realize real lies
Success isn't a one time stay. Success will follow as long as you put in the effort
The person afraid of dying never learns how to live; The heart afraid of breaking never learns to love; the mind afraid of the unknown never learns how to grow; the dream afraid of waking never learns how to take the chance
I'd ratter suffer in pain of grinding that suffer the pain of regret
Motivation is good; Discipline is better; Obsession is best
If you don't taste the bad apples; you will never understand to enjoy the good ones
Being along is dangerous; addicting. Isolation with a goal plants the seed of obsession
Weak minds see a problem; balanced minds see a challenge; strong see an opportunity
A lesson can cost a thousand, but could pay a million
Call me crazy but I believe that I can have everything that I want. Crazy makes change. Crazy gets shit done
If you play small. You stay small
Life is filled with monsters. The best way to deal with them is to become more of one
A man that lacks purpose distracts himself with pleasure
In all of the years I've chased money, I can count on one hand how many times I've almost had it. And each time I forgot the two most important things I already knew; close doesn't count; and money is never more dangerous than when you almost have it
The absence of your presence reveals the disingenuous 
People fear death when they should fear a life not worth living
When you alter your mentality, you alter your reality
Simple minded people think wealth is of monetary status when it of an abundance of valuables, knowledge
When your life gets harder, you just leveled up
I started alone; I've suffered alone; I've built alone. I am not dependant on anybody buy myself. The people in my life are there because I want them there
No matter the cost; no matter the sacrifice. I will be the strongest member of my blood line. There is no obstacle high enough; no challenge too tough
Make peace with your past so it doesn't disrupt your present
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional
A man cannot remake himself without suffering; for he is the marble and the sculptor
I will win. There is no other option
When you invest in something, hustle for something and work for something; you have a different type of attachment for that thing. There’s gonna be a cold day in hell before anybody takes that away from you
Either I'm going to get right; or die in the process. If I die, I died doing what I wanted. When I get rich don't be surprised
The black sheep of the herd usually turns out to be the goat
A man who is silent when confronted is a man with no competition
I don't need to believe in a god. I pave my own path; I define my own destiny
Fight for what you want
You want it; earn it
I might die tomorrow. So I’m supposed to save myself? For what? I want to die know that I gave it my all. 
The world is against me; otherwise it wouldn’t be fair
How big would you dream; if you knew you could not fail
You’re more talented than me? I will out work you
I work hard because I can’t fuck up; I am the backup; I don’t have anybody to rely on
The true hell is when the person you are meets the person you could’ve been
It didn’t happen to you; it happened for you
Nothing is impossible to those willing
The mind moves the mass
Be patient and tough, someday this pain will be useful to you
If the wind fails you, use the oars
A coward’s mother does to weep
I strive towards higher things
Remember that you must die
No one provokes me with impurity
Mindset is what separates the best from the rest
Talent can get you far; hard work can take you anywhere
If you do what is easy, your life will be hard; but if you do what is hard, your life will be easy
What are you willing to sacrifice in order to gain what you need to prosper
If you wish to be the king of the jungle, it't not enough to just act like a king; you must be the king, there can be no doubt. Doubt causes chaos and ones own demise
Win in silence. a lion doesn't roar after it's killed the prey
Pain is temporary
You're not gong to get what you want waiting for it. Get up and take what you want. Don't let anyone or anything get in your way
